"Code Geass - Lelouch of the Rebellion
- R2"
"Britannian Residential Zone
- Tokyo Settlement"
This is 2-D-4. We are now entering
Tokyo Settlement-controlled airspace.
Roger that. Your flight objective here
is commercial advertising, correct?
No change in that. As reported,
our flight duration will be for 14 hours.
That's confirmed.
You are cleared for overflight.
Acknowledged. I appreciate it.
We're all that are left now. All that's left
of the Black Knights who, along with Zero,
once struck terror in
the heart of Britannia.
Still, it's too soon to give in to despair!
If Operation Hien 4 is successful, then...!
Yeah.
Everyone... Forgive me.
Long live Japan!
Lelouch.
Oh? Again? Persistent, aren't you?
You won't get away this time!
Hey! About that thing!
Sorry! Next time!
Lelouch, wait!
Vice Prez!
Don't let her get you!
Sure! Sure!
You lost the moment you turned
this into a contest of physical strength.
Aren't you going a little overboard?
This is just about a
supplementary phys-ed class.
Then you should come
to class in the first place!
I have enough school
credit as it is, don't I?
It's just colored smoke!
Wait!
Hang in there, Vice Prez!
Yeah! Thanks!
What kind of student
council president are you?!
Oh, so sorry. I wasn't thinking.
Lelouch!
You trying to kill me, Coach?
Rivalz?! When did you...?!
See you, Rivalz!
I need to borrow your bike!
Lulu, are you at it again?
Morning and night, I long for you
I'll become a star and protect you
No matter where the battle may take me
At the intersection of
tomorrow and yesterday
You and I can't be together
I'm a shooting star, on my way right now
Even if the world crumbles apart
There are things which will never change
Even as we bear tears in our eyes
There are things we must protect
A message that's been in my body
For thousands and millions of years,
Springs out (I have no reservations)
Roars out (It's easy)
In a hoarse voice (Calling tomorrow)
With my wounded hands (I protect you)
I continue to fight!
Morning and night, I long for you
I'll become a star and protect you
No matter where the battle may take me
At the intersection of
tomorrow and yesterday
You and I can't be together
I'm a shooting star, tearing fate apart
I'll take away your
overflowing tears right now
"The Day a Demon Awakens"
For crying out loud!
Can't they leave me alone after school?
But they only do that because you
cut class all the time, big brother.
Because I find them boring!
Have some. The prez gave it to me.
Whoa! Whoa!
But, big brother, you...!
Yeah, right. Sorry.
It's been a year since the Black Rebellion,
the revolt started by Zero.
Things have finally quieted down,
even here in Area 11.
When the incident began,
all sorts of rumors flew around.
At one point, I thought about going
back to the homeland with my brother.
Did you submit your
career aptitude test yet?
Hm?
That's why Coach Villetta was so upset.
Oh.
Going to university?
I haven't decided yet.
I'm sick of being a student.
Although I'm not ready to be
used by other people yet, either.
Typical answer.
Even if I enter the business world,
what can I hope to accomplish?
I'll still have the big corporations
and the nobility above me.
A fixed world.
I'll just be absorbed into
the hierarchy of adults.
This is not discrimination against Elevens.
It's differentiation!
The Elevens showed themselves to
be a dangerous, belligerent people...
who followed the swindler known as Zero and
took to calling themselves "Japanese" again!
And so we Britannians must
control and educate them!
The Elevens lost.
They didn't have the strength.
If they'd just kept quiet,
this place wouldn't have been
downgraded to a reeducation Area.
Zero... He was a fool.
No matter what you try, the world is...
Please hurry, Viceroy Calares.
The delegation from the
Chinese Federation is waiting.
Understood. Anyway, what
about the O.S.I.'s operation?
Yes, my lord. At Babel Tower.
On today of all days...
What could His Majesty be thinking?
I doubt the remnants of the Black Knights
can do anything to us at this point.
Besides, Zero is long since dead.
Quit slacking off, you Eleven monkey!
Y-Yes, sir!
Target is now arriving, as predicted.
Now entering fifth gate from B-3.
You think she'll show this time?
I certainly hope so.
It's risky to let him leave the settlement.
Very well, then. I just wanted a ride
from you, but if you really want to...
Today I'll be breaking the law.
If you get arrested, it'll be serious.
The cops don't scare me.
But why do this?
You don't even want money, do you?
Need you ask? It's because I want
to battle even tougher opponents!
That's a lie. I do this out
of boredom. In short, I'm...
And now, today's main event,
a match between brothers!
Will the older brother survive,
or the younger one?
--Odds of the fight going
ten rounds is seven coins.
--Big brother, let's go.
--This place is...
--A single round
bet will pay off three coins!
--It's fine. This is simple to figure out.
Observe.
The ones laughing
and having fun are we Britannians.
The ones being laughed at
and working are the Elevens.
You pretend not to notice,
but in the end...
Then why?
I know, but it's the truth.
The Elevens lost twice. First with Prime
Minister Kururugi and again with Zero.
How could they rebel when
they don't have the strength?
I'm so sorry!
No, it's fine.
But, I'm an Eleven and
you're a Britannian student!
All the more reason.
You hate having your position
held over you like a sword, don't you?
Even so, the powerless
have no choice but to bear it.
Even if their opponent is wrong.
I'd appreciate it if you wouldn't
push your values on me.
I beg your pardon.
Let me see your face. Hm?
Hmph! Nice goods!
We've got a large, quality
catch of bunnies today, sir!
I'm not for sale!
Oh, yes you are.
Losers don't have any rights!
Unplanned trouble occurring.
Curse your own birth for not having power.
That's what His Majesty says, right?
His Majesty...
The strong eat the weak.
That's the rule of this world!
Big brother, he's with the Mafia!
How arrogant.
Are you planning to devour her?
Get lost, student.
This is the grownup world in here.
Well then, will the adult world
eat the student, or vice versa?
Why don't we answer that with this?
With chess?
Big brother, don't!
Too late, right, guys?
Students really don't know
anything, do they?
That's not true, Mr. Black King.
You're a famous chess player
in this world, aren't you?
So, you knew who I was, did you?
If Zero was here, you wouldn't be so tough!
Don't mention that traitor around me again.
Zero didn't betray us!
Pipe down!
Okay! I hear you! I'm sorry!
There must have been circumstances.
Circumstances?
What reason would make the commander
vanish during the decisive battle?!
Stop it!
In the end, Zero is still dead!
Dead?
Checkmate.
Im-Impossible!
The student beat him!
The Black King lost!
How could King have lost so easily?
Looks like it was you who got eaten.
Hm, how troublesome.
I won't be able to show my face
if word of this gets around.
I don't care for spreading rumors.
No, Mr. Student, I mean how
they'll hear how you cheated me!
Cheated?!
What a naughty boy you are...
Wait, please!
Cheat at chess?!
There's no way to do that!
Hold him. Now, to make some evidence...
You filthy adult!
Playing fair doesn't win the game, kid!
Let him go!
Terrorists?!
Move out!
Come on! This way!
What? Hey!
Big brother!
An airship, eh? Their final gasp.
Office of Secret Intelligence,
initiate Operation Valhalla 7.
Yes, my lord!
What's this?! What's happening?!
What?!
Welcome to Area 11.
Such an impressive reception for us.
Although I heard that Zero was dead now.
Zero? No, no.
I thought the Chinese Federation would
understand us Britannians better this way.
My... How unusually straightforward.
Hm?
If we may please have the item on your hip.
Our security is perfect, sir.
You won't need an antique like that.
Xing-ke, how rude of you!
Forgive me.
I thought your Britannians would understand
the Chinese Federation better this way.
Why, you...
Wait, what about my bets?!
Gimme my winnings!
Huh?
Big brother, this way!
Hey!
No! Wait!
What? We've lost sight of the target?!
Right. We're going in, too.
Understood!
The terrorists attacking Babel Tower appear
to be armed with several Knightmares.
Ready to commence operation.
Perimeter cleared.
All right, enter seventh sequence.
Commander, Viceroy Calares is...
Ignore that local bureaucrat.
We're under orders of the emperor himself!
Yes, my lord.
Let the Elevens use the stairs!
We're overloaded!
Don't push!
Terrorists? What are remnants
of the Black Knights doing here?
Britannian soldiers!
Goddamned Britannians!
Sorry! I couldn't bring him
here like we planned!
Don't sweat it! Urabe and the others
are looking for him right now.
Gotcha!
Rolo! This way!
What's going on?
That Knightmare before!
Was it... protecting me?
Big brother, what'll we do?
Don't worry.
We'll get out of here, I promise.
I'll get us out.
S-Sure. We will.
Rolo!
Big brother!
Now Lulu's dragging
Rolo into his bad habits!
Why not just admit that you're
worried about your darling Lulu?
I am not!
There she goes again.
Jeez...
R-Rolo?
Rolo!
I can't get through!
Now what?
At this rate, we'll both be...!
No! I have to try and save him!
I have to be able to save
my only brother, at least!
Even I must have that much strength!
Even I...!
The terrorists did this?!
But... The Elevens were killed, too!
Are they still relying on Zero?
The Black Knights!
Do they want to kill me?
What do I do?! Even if I run away...
Lelouch.
I came for you, Lelouch.
I'm on your side.
Your enemy is Britannia.
We have a contract.
We're both accomplices.
Contract? Accomplices?
Only I know. The real you.
The real me?
Le... louch...
H-Hey!
Britannian soldiers?!
W-Wait, what are you?
Stop it! She's still alive!
You've served your purpose well,
Lelouch Lamperouge.
Purpose? What are you talking about?!
We've had our eye
on you for a long time now.
6:59 AM... Awakens.
7:12 AM... Watches the news with his
little brother while eating breakfast.
No ideological deviations
with what he sees.
8:45 AM... Goes to school.
Cuts homeroom and first period class.
Instead, reads on the roof.
Second hour, for his physics class...
That's... what I did today...
Perhaps you can call it
a breeding log. For our bait.
Bait?
Or call it a trap if you wish.
For that witch.
All to lure C.C. out of hiding!
Wait, please! What are you talking about?!
I'm a baron, boy, and as such
I have no further words for my bait!
Now, time to dispose of you.
There can't be any witnesses left.
Dispose?
Is this the end for me?
Without knowing anything? So easily?
To hell with that!
Power! If I just had power!
Power to get out of here!
Power to not lose to the world!
What... What is this?
You desire power?
That voice... The girl from before?
You already possess
the power you seek.
It's just imprisoned
in a cage of amnesia.
Remember.
Who you really are!
The power of the king!
Let the seal now be broken!
I see now...
The irritation which pricked me
like thorns in my everyday life.
Yes... It was all phony memories.
I remember now...
I am...
I am...!
I am... Zero!
Lelouch, I won't ask for forgiveness.
We're friends, aren't we?
Yes... That's your answer,
isn't it, Suzaku?
Before you dispose of me,
I'd like you to answer a question.
That girl's still alive!
Impossible! She was shot through the heart!
If it's wrong to be powerless,
does having power make you right?
Is vengeance wrong?
Is friendship right?
There is no right or wrong.
The only reality left for
bait is simply death.
I see. Then that reality is
all that is left for you as well.
Lelouch vi Britannia commands you!
All of you... die!
It... It can't be!
Yes, Your Highness!
Ever since that day,
my heart just couldn't accept it.
This phony life I couldn't
fit into. The lost time.
These other memories planted within
me to give me a life as one of the herd.
But the truth continues
to lead me to itself.
That's right!
It wasn't me
who was wrong! It's the world!
The world will change. I will change it!
Pardon the wait, Master Zero!
Please, give us your orders!
Very well!
After all...
I am Zero!
The man who will destroy the world!
The man who will create the world anew!
Yes, Your Majesty.
I have no intention of
giving this job to anyone else.
The one who will kill Zero... shall be me.
Someday let's try to pick up and rebuild
The fragments of happiness in our hearts
That nearly forgotten melody
Stay vivid, deep inside of me
I thank you from the bottom of my heart
Everything I have now, I owe to everyone
Next I'll send happiness to everyone
I won't forget anything
Because I'm still the
same as I was that day
You need me to keep on saying
How much I love you
On those long nights,
your tears about to overflow
Just turn around
Follow those footprints
So that you'll never forget that day
I can't forgive them.
I mustn't forgive them!
My memories are my own reality!
My own personal truth!
There is someone who trampled them,
made me into his livestock.
Who looked down on me
as mere bait for his trap!
The time for payback has come!
I'll make Britannia remember the true
meaning of Zero's return to this world.
Because I have no more
need for their phony rule.
"Plan for Independent Japan"